Yeah.
Ah!
Wow
Mom, you are amazing, what's wrong with this?
I see the aura fluctuations in this dress
Could it be another magic weapon?
How can there be so many magic weapons?
Total number Total number Number seconds fast
Impossible Impossible
My magic weapon
Night Soul
Play us well
This is just ordinary wine sperm, sir
They're playing tricks here
If you don't do it again
I'm going to invite my Zhao family ancestor to sacrifice himself
Destroy them, Master Zhao
Zhao family boss
It's not old white
What I have said has never been dazzling
I said you won't live for two days
Hahaha, it should have been like this.
I'd like to see if you can stop the bullet
Could it be that you still want Gu Hongyan to light it up for you?
Hongyan believe me
Bullets can't hurt you
You can stand in front of me
Listen to what you have to say
I can't even watch it anymore
The woman gave birth to a child for you
Do you have the heart to watch him die?
You really want me to bet on your gun?
Hahahaha
You think I'm afraid to shoot
His parents' beauty is the daughter of a rich family
Miss, the Son of Heaven broke the law
Forgive you
You can try
It seems that today
It depends on your family of three
Hahaha first warning
Second warning
Invalid warning
Shoot and wait
I see who dares